Bugs:
- math.randomseed() called in crew.lua for now. Move it into bootstrapper when that's a thing that exists.
- pathfinding for crew is a mess. It works, but oh god so ugly. I should go back to that at some point.

Version 0.4:
- New crew dialog added. Crewmembers can now be dismissed and their wages set.
- Finishing a mission divides the spoils between according to the set wages and the rest goes to you.
- Reworked recruiting. You can either talk to potential crew or ask around for someone to fulfill a particular role.
	- The recruits may lie about their abilities, depending on their honesty stat, motivation and level of desperation.
	- They will also ask for a certain share based on their personality.

Z levels:

-1....0: ship and space
0.1...0.5: crew (if max_crew ever becomes higher than 9, this may need to be changed)
0.8...1: dialogs


Characters traits currently in use:

confidence - affects skill self-assessment
skillfulness - how confident they think they can get a job if they try
dishonesty - how likely they are to lie
greed - how big of a share they want


EVENT JSON formatting:

Room name is displayed at the top
Text in the body (minus links) is in the body, duh.

Each "room" has one of three tags:

end
	Automatically offers a single choice (OK) and ends the event
choice
	Provide multiple choices, event continues according to player choice
dice
	Doesn't display to the player but makes a check and proceeds accordingly.
		difficulty:### sets the number to beat
		test:XXX sets what is being rolled (luck, flee, detect etc. - needs to be set up in dice.lua)
	Success goes to the first branch, failure to the second one. To get more branches, make more consecutive dice rooms.

tag effect:XXX (recruit_random for example) has an in game effect set up in event loop in interface script.

DIALOGUE JSON formatting:

Room name is ignored (instead there's "XXX says")
Text in the body consists of snips aimed at talk.lua


Credits:
https://www.dafont.com/the-wastes-of-space.font
https://www.dafont.com/time-and-space.font
https://freesound.org/people/unfa/sounds/244266/




